Adding a documentation section in the README (#152)
cisco/mindmeld: README.md

After making changes and all tests are passing locally, commit the code to your fork and issue a PR against the [cisco/mindmeld](https://github.com/cisco/mindmeld) repo.

## Documentation

> You can view the documentation for the latest stable release on [mindmeld.com/docs](http://mindmeld.com/docs) and the documentation for the latest change off the master change on our [Github Page](https://cisco.github.io/mindmeld/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view the documentation for the latest stable release on [mindmeld.com/docs](http://mindmeld.com/docs) and the documentation for the latest master branch version on our [Github Page](https://cisco.github.io/mindmeld/).
```

Author: Done

> You can contribute to the documentation under `sources` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can contribute to the documentation under the `source` directory.
```

Author: Done
